

1. What is kernel ?
	The kernel is the essential foundation of a computer's operating system (OS). It is the core that provides basic services for all other parts of the OS. 
	It is the main layer between the OS and underlying computer hardware, and it helps with tasks such as process and memory management, file systems, 
	device control and networking.
	
2. Why we create kernel?
	The kernel is the central manager of these processes. It knows which hardware resources are available and which processes need them. 
	It then allocates time for each process to use those resources. The kernel is critical to a computer's operation, 
	and it requires careful protection within the system's memory.
	
3. What is library in python?
	Python has created several open-source libraries, each with its root source. 
	A library is an initially merged collection of code scripts that can be used iteratively to save time. 
	It's similar to a physical library in that it holds reusable resources, as the name implies.

	A Python library is also a group of interconnected modules. It contains code bundles that can be reused in a variety of programs. 
	It simplifies and facilitates Python programming for programmers. Because then we won't have to write the very same code for different programs. 
	Machine learning, computer science, data visualization, and other fields rely heavily on Python libraries.
	
4. What is package in python?
	A Python package usually consists of several modules. Physically, 
	a package is a folder containing modules and maybe other folders that themselves may contain more folders and modules. Conceptually, it’s a namespace. 
	This simply means that a package’s modules are bound together by a package name, by which they may be referenced.
	
	Circling back to our earlier definition of a module as reusable, importable code, we note that every package is a module — but not every module is a package. 
	A package folder usually contains one file named __init__.py that basically tells Python: “Hey, this directory is a package!” The init file may be empty, 
	or it may contain code to be executed upon package initialization.
	
5. What is difference between library and package in python?
	When developing a large application, you may end up with many different modules that are difficult to manage. 
	In such a case, you’ll benefit from grouping and organizing your modules. That’s when packages come into play.

	Python packages are basically a directory of a collection of modules. Packages allow the hierarchical structure of the module namespace. 
	Just like we organize our files on a hard drive into folders and sub-folders, we can organize our modules into packages and subpackages.

	To be considered a package (or subpackage), a directory must contain a file named __init__.py. This file usually includes the initialization code for the corresponding package.
	
	A library is an umbrella term referring to a reusable chunk of code. Usually, a Python library contains a collection of related modules and packages. 
	Actually, this term is often used interchangeably with “Python package” because packages can also contain modules and other packages (subpackages). 
	However, it is often assumed that while a package is a collection of modules, a library is a collection of packages.

	Oftentimes, developers create Python libraries to share reusable code with the community. To eliminate the need for writing code from scratch, 
	they create a set of useful functions related to the same area.
	
6. how to create a my name in python jupyter(syntax)?
	To write a program that displays your name in Python
	Using the print() function:
	The simplest way to display your name in Python is to use the print() function. 
	You can simply pass your name as an argument to the function, and it will be displayed on the console
	
7. What is difference between "string" and "int" data types in python?
	An integer is a value that you can perform integer operations on, such as adding, dividing, etc. 
	Its internal representation is usually chosen to make such operations quick and easy.

	A string is a collection of characters which may be non-numeric and is usually optimised for string operations such as splitting into substring, 
	internal searches for substrings and joining to other strings. Strings are often larger than integers, and tend to have slower and more complex operations, 
	many of which are performed in software, rather the hardware operations which are a bigger part of integer operations.
	
8. What is "syntax error: EOL error" in python?
	In Python, we need both quotation marks to get the value. If leaving one of the. quotation marks, it gives us syntax error. EOL error which means end of line, it.